Move the contents of the General Grants repo here (#493)
w3f/Grants-Program: src/faq.md

#### Web3 Foundation Grants Programs'

# Frequently Asked Questions<!-- omit in toc -->

- [🧭 Global (Open & General grants)](#-global-open--general-grants)
- [🔓 Open Grants](#-open-grants)
- [💰 General Grants](#-general-grants)
- [🚚 Milestone Delivery](#-milestone-delivery)

## 🧭 Global (Open & General grants)

<details>
  <summary><b>How much can I ask for?</b></summary>

>   The [Open Grants](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program) program is capped at US $30k for initial grants. If the first grant is successfully completed, you can apply for a follow-up grant, which are capped at $100k. The [General Grants](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/) program, on the other hand, is capped at $100k for all applications, although higher grants are possible in exceptional cases. However, we only accept applications for the General Grants program if you have a reason for the project to remain private or you can only take fiat payments, or in exceptional cases if you can put together a strong case against applying for an initial $30k grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  The [Open Grants](../README.md) program is capped at US $30k for initial grants. If the first grant is successfully completed, you can apply for a follow-up grant, which is capped at $100k. The [General Grants](./General-Grants-Program.md) program, on the other hand, is capped at $100k for all applications, although higher grants are possible in exceptional cases. However, we only accept applications for the General Grants program if you have a reason for the project to remain private or you can only take fiat payments, or in exceptional cases if you can put together a strong case against applying for an initial $30k grant.
```

Reviewer: I added the extra newline on purpose, because GH seems to not render the markdown otherwise.

  The application is accepted once the pull request is merged.
</details>

## 💰 General Grants

<details>
  <summary><b>How do I apply for a General Grant? I see a Google form, a Github repository, requests for a document…</b></summary>

  _Every_ General Grant application requires a [form submission](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfMfjiRmDQDRk-4OhNASM6BAKii7rz_B1jWtbCPkUh6N7M2ww/viewform). If you would like the application to be completely private, you will have to provide all the details about your plans, team, milestones, financials, etc. in a document that you can attach to the form. Our [template](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/grant_application_template.md) shows what kind of information we are looking for.
  For (partially) public applications, you are free to submit this information as part of the pull request instead or in addition. What information goes where is up to you, as long as we get all the required information.
</details>

## 🚚 Milestone Delivery

<details>
  <summary><b>How do I submit a milestone?</b></summary>

>   For details, please refer to the milestone delivery guidelines for the respective grants program. Generally speaking, the most important part of a delivery is a list of **the same deliverables listed in the application** with links to their implementation/realisation (ideally pointing to a specific commit or tag, so you can continue working on your repository without messing up your delivery and complicating our evaluation) and any additional notes you might have. The list of deliverables for each of your milestones should be defined in your grant agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For details, please refer to the [milestone delivery guidelines](./milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md) for the respective grants program. Generally speaking, the most important part of a delivery is a list of **the same deliverables listed in the application** with links to their implementation/realisation (ideally pointing to a specific commit or tag, so you can continue working on your repository without messing up your delivery and complicating our evaluation) and any additional notes you might have. The list of deliverables for each of your milestones should be defined in your grant agreement.
```
